All right.
So we have the user update feature.
Now, this feature is something we need for other users as well.
So authors and subscribers, so in their log in they should be able to update.
So this displays we're basically going to show in the profile base.
All right.
So what are we going to do is we can move this to a different component, so then so that we can bring
it in and using the profile base as well as well as here on it.
Okay, so let's go.
So this is the base of the user.
Let me just copy all the code.
Sorry.
Copy all the code.
Go to components.
Create a new folder called User.
Create a new friend.
Let's call it profile databases and best to do so.
Change this to profile update.
Profile update and we don't want to use the layout here.
So it's removed that it's coming back to come down to return the amount that.
And let's make sure we have the inputs correct.
So we are here.
So we go one step, two step back to the root.
So components media.
So that is right here.
So one step up.
That's familiar for context, we just need to go to step up.
Okay.
All right, so we have moved the code.
Now let's bring this component to our patient so we can give the admin layout.
And all this written block.
When we can keep the and be narrowed and do everything else and instead we can do so that component
to let's also remove this function.
Started all this.
We don't actually need to do more of that.
That means we had to move all this.
You know all this and then just import that components.
Import profile.
Update from.
Components, the user profile update and we put that here.
Beautiful.
Let's have a look.
All users.
Edit.
Wow.
That's good.
It's for a different use.
Yeah.
It's great.
No, this space is something you will want to show when they visit the profile as well.
So basically it's same thing.
But since you have that menu item, let's do that.
So that didn't have to go to edit.
And actually beside the admin are the users will not have the list of users to click on the editor.
So obviously we need to sort this somewhere.
So we can just put it in the profile.
So that should be.
Profile.
Okay.
So we have to change the link.
Based on the the used decimal.
So for admin profit, when we click with that, we take them to admins less user id.
We can give that a different name.
So let's copy this one.
We can call that admin.
The scrutiny turned into Scarlett.
And
we didn't really need to use the ad.
We can call for friend, as you know.
But let's escort a lady in case we need to do something extra in future.
So it's got a name.
We could call it profile as well, but let's call it and then paste that and change this to admin profile.
And in profile we saw this profile component.
So from here we go.
One step, two step.
All right, that's rock.
And let's go to that admin.
Nev, Nev and Nev.
Down to profile.
So it's going to be I mean, it's less user I.D..
So we don't have access to user ID here.
It can be the logged in user story.
So we can use that.
Mm hmm.
I think it's better to use profiles and just use profile so much easier because we can pass data.
But since we're not using the IDs.
There's no point doing that.
So they just used profile and useless profile.
It's cool.
And it sends this name to.
Profile.
It's nice and easy.
Splitting the desk world with the object user.
It still works.
It works.
But if you go to the profile now, you see you have different.
Baz is here.
We can still sort of savor.
Administrative file.
Okay.
That's the issue.
So when it is clicked, we don't actually have the user I.D..
Okay, so it's my badge.
Sorry.
Let's go back in to do I.D..
So we have to do these things.
Otherwise, you know, sometimes we have to try different solutions.
Sometimes one might work, sometimes one.
The other solution works.
So in our case, we have to have the I.D..
Scooter admin nerve.
So, user I.D., we need to somehow get the user I.D..
No, it doesn't.
We don't actually need to know the ID in advance.
So what we can do is in React.
We can pass the load.
And you decided because this is the profile of the user.
Right.
So Head reflects his colleague Bruce Betts.
Slice Edmonds less.
I don't want to use the word dance.
I'm just glad.
Okay.
Copy that.
Let's do the same thing here and hope that some of that takes place that beautiful.
Come here.
Ryan.
Oh, it is no different.
We don't have the context here.
Okay.
We don't have let's bring that into use context.
So for one step or two step of context off and we use that here.
So to use context.
All right, let's revisit the US.
Now, we may also need to fix one more thing here in our profile after that is sorry admin id so we
should so.
The sidebar.
All right.
So that's that will be included in the list.
Let's go profile it.
We don't see this sidebar here.
Why do we not see the side of.
Let's go to admin index admin layout.
Some desperate has their.
The profiles should have that.
By the way, I just noticed this.
It says that to update user profile, let's just call it.
Okay.
So I just discovered one thing.
It's by mistake.
So I imported the admin profile in x4 to the admin profile.
So everything else, this didn't work because we import it and we export that.
No, I never did that intentionally.
We imported and just exported doing anything that also works.
That's good to know.
Anyways, let's make sure we export this one instead.
Profile is not defined.
Profile update.
We give a different name to whatever we imported, and that also works.
So you can do it even when you do, mister, you learn quite a lot of things.
Beautiful.
So we got our new sidebar back.
We have this upload, feature, upload.
Option.
And here.
Actually, if you read your the page, you don't actually see anything here.
Okay.
I figure of the issue.
If I reload, it doesn't work.
And that's because here in the profile update we fixing the using reason but we have the outlook where
did I read the this might not be available at the very second with the component mounts it might take
a few milliseconds.
So when it's not available, obviously the idea wasn't sending it to the back and we don't get the response.
So we can take and make sure we run this huge effect when this really changes.
So he let's use this have the dependency into this array for use effect.
So whenever that changes, whenever it's there, we run this request.
I guess with that tends to continue.
It works if you reload, then also it works that's viewed.
Okay.
Beautiful.
Reload.
And it's awesome.